# KingKong
IGN Code-Foo 2017

  Firstly, we have to consider the dimensions of the Empire State building. The Empire State Building is approximately 1,250 feet tall-- 1,454 when including the antenna on top-- and covers 87,120 square feet. Each lincoln log is approximately 4.5 inches long and 1.5 inches wide, so the area that a lincoln log covers is about .0046875 square feet. So in order to cover the area of the foundation of the Empire State Building we will need 1860267 lincoln logs.
  Now that we have our base, we need to consider how much weight can the lincoln logs support. To figure this out we need to ask what the lincoln logs are made of. Because of the height of the Empire State Building, we will need to make the lincoln logs out of steel so they can support the weight. We can assume also then that as they stack they will not flatten under the pressure, meaning it will be easier to calulate the amout of lincoln logs needed to reach the Empire State Building's height. Since each lincoln log is approximately .75 inches tall, it will take 20,000 lincoln logs stacked upon each other to reach the top of the tower (excluding the antenna). 
  So since it takes 1860267 logs to cover the base and 20,000 to reach the top, we will need 19,999 logs on top of each log that cov0ers the base in order to replicate the building without the antenna. This means The replica without the antenna will require about 37,203,479,730 logs. From observing the Empire State Building though, we can see that the building is not a perfect rectangluar box; at certain floor plan gets smaller. So what we would need to do is find out what floors does the dimension change at, find it's square feet, and subtract the different times the height from that point to the top from our total number of lincoln logs. 
  We will have to do something similar with the antenna. Since the antenna's base shrinks as it goes up, we will need to calculate the base area at each change and the height from those points to the top and multiply those numbers together to find the amount of lincoln logs needed to create the antenna.
  
